##### [<< Table of Contents](/README.md)
##### [< 2. Application Design](/Documentation/Car/Chapter%203/2.Application%20Design.md)

## 3. Server Connection
### For the server connection, we use an MQTT v5 client. The moment the code starts on the board, a TCP connection to the server on port 5050 will be established. After the connection to the port where the server is listening is established, a CONNECT packet will be sent. If the data is valid, this packet will be answered with a CONNACK packet indicating that there is no problem. 

### To communicate with the server, the car will subscribe to the following topics: test/masini and the special topic for the car, which consists of test/car_name_in_lowercase. After the subscription to these topics is confirmed, the communication will be carried out via the PUBLISH packet, which in our case uses QoS 1. The car will listen to these topics and, depending on them, the corresponding operations will be performed or some information will be received. 

### The information that the car will receive is presented below:
1. A message coming from the server will contain d1 or d2 depending on the segment it will intersect in the intersection.
2. Another message will be the one containing the traffic light state. The message will have the structure of the color for each direction separated by a space. The colors are encoded as follows:
    - <span style="color:red">r</span> represents red
    - <span style="color:green">g</span> represents green
3. Another message is the one from the server that changes the car's state: entering emergency and exiting this state.
4. From the server, the operating mode can also be changed from automatic to manual and vice versa. The messages are the following:
    - <span style="color:skyblue">a</span> autonomous mode
    - <span style="color:lightgreen">m</span> manual mode
5. When the car is in manual operating mode, commands for the movement direction can be sent as follows:
    - <span style="color:green">f</span> for forward
    - <span style="color:red">b</span> for backward
    - <span style="color:steelblue">l</span> for left
    - <span style="color:limegreen">r</span> for right

##### [Chapter 2-Traffic Light Subchapter 1: 1. Introduction >](/Documentation/Traffic%20Light/Chapter%201/1.Introduction.md)